hi 18 plus cinema summary here in this
video we are going to tell you a drama
historical film called spirits
homecoming this story will show you
korean girls who served as comfort women
during the japanese occupation in korea
this film is inspired by true events
let's see how their story unfolds
spoilers ahead you have been warned
the film begins with an elderly woman
and sewing clothes in her room
in the background we can hear a tv
broadcasting an interview on a woman
reciting her experiences of mistreatment
by the japanese soldiers
upon hearing this the elderly woman who
was a comfort woman herself suddenly
stops sowing and starts to reminisce
we are then taken back to the year 1943
in south korea where a young girl named
jung minute is playing hide and seek in
a forest with two other girls
while playing they notice soldiers at
the back of military car passing in
front of them one of the soldiers gave
them a creepy smirk
during this time people in korea has a
superstition of amulets that bring luck
and protection
jung minute doesn't have one
so one day she tricks her friends into
betting their amulets while she wages
her rare taffies she then goes on to win
the bet and gets the amulet her mother
confiscates it from her later on and
tells her to returns it to her friend
she also beats young minute with a stick
as punishment for stealing
later that night her parents discuss
their worries the japanese soldiers are
taking people away by force from their
village and most of them will end up
dead recalling that jung minute wanted
an amulet of her own her mom finally
makes one for her one day just as jung
minute is going back home from a stroll
she sees her parents arguing with a
group of soldiers she then realizes that
they are there to take her away
her parents beg for the soldiers to
spare them but the commander pays no
attention to their pleas and still
insists on seizing her her mom then
hides some money in a pack of clothes
and gives them to young men
she is telling you minute to use it in
an emergency to pay someone to bring her
home
she is then taken away to a train where
there are many other girls who are also
separated from their families
all of them have no idea as to where
they are headed
here she starts a conversation with an
anxious girl next to her the girl is
revealed to be young he a 15 year old
whose mother has passed away
jung minute lies about her age saying
that she is also 15 and they quickly
become friends
jung minute even gives her amulet for
young heeda hold during the journey
after a long time the train finally
arrives in china where they are greeted
by the japanese soldiers stationed in
the country
in what seems to be an outpost they are
gathered in a room as a japanese lady
noriko goes around asking the girls for
their ages including jung min because
jung minute is still 14 she is dragged
to a room at the end of a hallway a
doctor examines her private parts to
make sure that she doesn't carry any
disease
she is then given a bath before being
taken to a bedroom
soon after that a japanese soldier
enters the room and starts to order jung
minute to carry out celiacs until he
eventually intends to have sex with
young men
she tries to resist him but without
hesitation the soldier knocks her out
and she falls unconscious while still
being raped
a soldier carries you a minute away it
is shown that the girls in the other
rooms are mistreated the same way beaten
and slapped without reason
a few days later korean gorillas ambush
the soldiers working in the field but
because of the japanese's better
firepower they are quickly defeated and
massacred the next scene shows you a
minute lying on a bed weak and bruised
her door opens and a soldier enters the
room
jung minute gets ready to serve him
however the soldier named tanaka stops
her and tells her that she resembles his
younger sister he lets her rest instead
at this point jung min has been so
traumatized and she doesn't even
remember her own real name
days go by things are not getting better
for the girls as they are raped
repeatedly
they have to endure seemingly endless
physical abuse on daily basis
not only do they have to satisfy the
sexual demands of the japanese soldiers
but they are also burdened with having
to carry out hard labor
one morning one of the soldiers leaves
the girls on their own and jung minute
talks about how the war is soon ending
motivating them to hatch a plan to
escape
later that day a minute suddenly feels a
sharp pain and falls to the ground
she is then brought to the doctor and it
turns out that she is experiencing
menstruation
after waking up she sees a corpse behind
a bed curtain and realizes that it is
manduk
one of the girls who hasn't been seen
since morning
jung then begins to cry
days later jung min meets tanaka and he
gives her a map of the camp to help her
escape
that night jung min young he and two
other girls gather together and slowly
sneak out the camp into the woods
unfortunately the soldiers quickly
realize they are missing and start to
look for them
one of the girls oak boone gets
separated from the group
she is tracked down by the soldiers
the soldiers drag her back to the post
the other girls who are escaping feel
bad for her and decide to turn
themselves in as well
all the girls in the camp are then
stripped naked and tortured all night
long
one day some of the girls who are
already too weak are taken to a car
where the soldiers claim that they are
being transferred to another facility in
actuality they are brought to the woods
to be killed the commanding officer
orders tanaka to execute them but
because he hesitates he is shot in the
head and burned together alongside the
girls
in 1945 two years later japan has a new
problem
the atomic bomb is dropped onto
hiroshima and nagasaki and this forces
japan to surrender troops outside of
japan are pulled back to the country in
a similar manner the girls are led to an
open field to be incinerated in order to
get rid of traces and witnesses
young min gives young hee her amulet
which her mother made for her years ago
to ensure young hee that she is going to
be okay
just as the execution begins the
soldiers are attacked by korean soldiers
and a shootout begins
jung min and young he manages to escape
to a nearby field
all of a sudden a japanese soldier
approaches and tries to murder them
all hope seems lost until a korean
soldier saves them and shoots the
soldier
they are relieved and are about to leave
when jung min glances back
jung min sees the fallen soldier aiming
his gun at yong he
just as he pulls the trigger jung min
jumps in front of young hee and takes
the shot jung min has died
the film fast forwards to 1991.
a young girl named yoon kyung is taken
to a shaman by her mother yoon kyung is
mute because she is suffering from a
trauma
her mother wishes for her to be healed
she is eventually healed and it is
revealed that yoon kyung possessed the
ability to communicate with spirits of
people who has passed away one day she
walks into a store with the intention to
buy a hanbok
she notices the amulet owned by the old
lady who runs the store who is actually
young he yoon kyung is able to see young
he's past flashes before her eyes and
she offers young hee to bring young
men's spirit so that young he can
finally let go and forgive herself in
the midst of the ritual jung min appears
in front of yom he
young he starts to apologize to her and
because she can't control her emotion
she eventually passes out yoon kyung
performs another ritual called the
spirit homecoming to guide you men all
the other comfort women spirits to
peacefully go home to the afterlife
the film ends with young men arriving at
her old house in jio chang with her
amulet and her parents are already
waiting to welcome her
and that wraps up our recap this time
for the movie spirits homecoming
feel free to drop a comment below as to
what we should recap next thank you for
watching